Kathy.lin/gpu ga (#36143)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/gpu_monitoring/setup.md

- [**Datadog Operator**][5]: version 1.18, _or_ [**Datadog Helm chart**][6]: version 3.137.3
- **Kubernetes**: 1.22 with PodResources API active

## Setting up GPU Monitoring 

> Setting up GPU Monitoring does not require DCGM at all. You will need to opt-in to the collection of GPU Monitoring metrics at the Agent depending on your environment: non-Kubernetes/uniform Kubernetes cluster or mixed cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring GPU Monitoring does not require DCGM. You need to opt-in to the collection of GPU Monitoring metrics at the Agent depending on your environment: non-Kubernetes/uniform, Kubernetes cluster, or mixed cluster. 
```

> Once you've enabled the collection of GPU Monitoring metrics, you can opt-in to enabling several integrations for more advanced insights: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've enabled the collection of GPU Monitoring metrics, you can opt-in to enable several integrations for more advanced insights: 
```

[6]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/datadog/README.md
[7]: /containers/docker/
[8]: /agent/supported_platforms/linux/

> [9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/aws/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[9]: /getting_started/integrations/aws/
```

> [10]:https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/google_cloud/?tab=orglevel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[10]: /getting_started/integrations/google_cloud/?tab=orglevel
```

> [11]:https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/azure/?tab=createanappregistration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[11]: /getting_started/integrations/azure/?tab=createanappregistration
```

> [12]:https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/integrations/oci/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: /getting_started/integrations/oci/
```

> [13]:https://docs.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/process?tab=linuxwindows#installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[13]: /infrastructure/process?tab=linuxwindows#installation
```
